"We are going to start here today and we go again, this is something that we explore in the meaning
and the teaching of Dzogchen by practices.
We won't go too fast all this, because slowly by slowly, but really we are going to practice.
Practice is observing our teaching. All the teaching that we are going to visit until now, from all
the great Masters and from Kintin, Kinti, Pardesh and Arunu,
we are going to observe what that is. We are going to observe this teaching in three different ways
, as this great Master said.
Those are known as what? What is the meaning of the three? Three trainings, we are trying to
observe this teaching with three trainings.
The first training is 'moralities, conduct'. Second teaching training is 'concentrations'. And the
third is 'verseness'.
And through these three, we are trying to observe the teaching. So that means all the teaching that
we are going to visit,
until now, we are going to observe that true, our heart, deep heart, our heart, and let bloom, let
we glorify that teaching.
In the conduct level, we go humble, simple, low key, and then we are already in hermitage. Hermit
age, we are hermitage.
What means 'hermitage' is in the quote. But in the Buddha teaching, said hermitage means something
that you become so simple,
so humble, so quiet, so peaceful, and not let destruction our South by any means.
When we start talking of that, what to not destruct? We have to have three things, we have three
things.
Not let destruction our body by the mundane. Not let destruction our speech by the mundane care
your own will.
Not let destruction our mind with older, happy parents.
We are going to bring up all the sport light. All those other habitages are going to interrupt or
coming out, going in prayer.
Immediately we are going to sport light, which means we are putting everything out in beautiful,
rather wisdom-enlightened, intelligent status.
Release them, let it go. How are we going to do it? We are not going to do it like here in Ayana,
all those apparatus.
We are going to use a zolty technique, highest techniques, techniques that the Buddha taught. Some
liberators.
All habit patterns that are going to disturb our verminage level of the body, spirit, mind, we are
going to liberate that.
Self-liberated, body, habit, man, we self-liberate it. And speech is hard to hold, habit, man, self
-liberate it.
And mind holds habit, self-liberate it. How are we going to do it? We are not going to follow each
upper habit.
If we start to follow each upper habit patterns, one Buddha uses examples, following as like doggy
stars, imitation of a doggy star.
One Buddha says, we throw the stone to the dog, dog follows with the stones.
So that means that we start following the old habit, we are almost imitating dog following the old
habit pattern, trying to do something.
Then there is endless, we are not going to catch. But we are going to start the blind stars,
looking to the source immediately.
Source is art. Even we are talking three things, body, speech, the mind. There are three things.
The fundamental soul is mind, zolty teaching. He said it is true. We are going to look to the mind.
The moment we are going to destruct ourselves, we are ready to detect something, old habit patterns
, body.
Maybe we are going to be looking to the fearlessly, courageously, openly, openly looking to our
natural mind.
And we relax. That freshness stages. The moment we are destructing by the speech, speech, hermitage
.
Again we are not going to follow up to that, still looking, right at that moment, ready to detect
something, that way.
And then relax. Again, that is called self-liberate.
Among all the techniques, all the methods, this is the zolty accepted, the most powerful.
And then mind, all the different emotions, past memories, future plans, present conceptions,
expanded that.
Not going to chasing up that. When we detect that our mind is going that way, immediately we are
going to look to the edge of the mind.
That release that. Relax on that.
We do these practices as we say, this time we are trying to relieve, strengthen, glorify, deepen up
our practice, the teaching that we received.
Confused. Moment. Are we able to do that self-liberating? What is zolty teaching? That name is also
not a name.
It is a teaching, cutting sorrow. It is not cutting something subject or object level with
forcefully that, but with peaceful, with very humble and simple.
There is no hassle in the process. No these and that things.
Are we able to do that? That is a practice.
And bring up more joy, more devotions, more compassion, no appreciations.
Bring up that. Citizen qualities. Where this means looking, practicing, retreat.
We are going to practice the citizen qualities of joy and appreciation, love and compassion.
And always understanding, respect and appreciation, patience.
As we are going to touch that all corners of something is hiding behind at the corner in the dark
alleys.
Today we are going for everything in sport life. Glorify that up.
We become, we are going to make ourselves great, the boring, fearless yogis in the yogis.
Through this, loading up our self.
That is, that is just going, the kind of intellectual going one up and this and that things.
Really each turn deep in you. This. We receive a lot of teachings from our great masters.
We are not shorting of the teachings, but what we are.
We are maybe really trying to glorify. That is what we need.
We are going to make meaningful of them.
Such as, look, this is how God is going to learn. How we did practice, how we made it.
He made all those great teachers in his areas.
Here is received teaching in Arizona there.
Such become one of the great warriors.
The warrior that defeated hope and fears.
All the negative emotions. That is the warriors. The fearlessness.
Emergent, joint rugged, samsara and naranas.
He don't have to skip from the samsara, nor fall into the samsara.
And also falling, jump into the narana and avoid the samsara.
Emergent, rugged, samsara, center stage.
This great master, as all those great practices, master, we are really trying to follow.
That puts down these great lines. Well, fearlessness, follow that.
So that is our kind of like, set forward our goal and aim of this time.
We start touching to our goal, our heart and really settling, bring our shiny sports.
Sports, that is what it is.
And we also realize that, then we go. We have every meditation, every practice.
That we do this, then what we do. If we keep that light in beautifully, those are known as true her
mitage.
True retreat. Hermitage of body, hermitage of speech, hermitage of the mind.
And combined to again, two different narcombarment there, we are in one single stage.
Truly, we are then true retreats.
When we develop that thought and that realization, that wherever we are, we are in retreat state.
We are in the beautiful state.
Those great zoki masters, gold zoki practitioners, where they sit and stay in the city,
where they sit and stay in the hermitage, it doesn't make difference.
That is our goal, goal to strengthen that realization.
This realization is again not something that we, I'm talking something big things, big things that
we don't know.
We're talking about something simple, true love, compassion, a joy, an appreciation,
respect, an openness. That is what it is.
That is zoki. Zoki means what? Great completion.
Not missing, not jumping, not dividing, not slowing out.
That's not. That is joy. That is hope. That is fear. Fears. Fears.
We like to go out of that bondage. We like to release that.
So that is what it is and we stop here. Okay. Thank you everyone.